Reword section about multiple package version (#422)
freebsd/freebsd-doc: documentation/content/en/books/handbook/ports/_index.adoc

* Packages are normally compiled with conservative options because they have to run on the maximum number of systems. By compiling from the port, one can change the compilation options.
* Some applications have compile-time options relating to which features are installed. For example, NGINX(R) can be configured with a wide variety of different built-in options.
+
In some cases, multiple packages will exist for the same application with different settings. For example, NGINX(R) is available as a `nginx` package and a `nginx-lite` package, the former has many more options enabled, but this in turn requires many things to be installed as dependencies for it to work, thus increasing space consumption and attack surface.
+

> The transitive dependencies can grow quite large, for example the full `nginx` package will pull in several X libraries which can be quite surprising, so building from ports allow you to choose only the options you need without a "kitchen sink" approach.In some cases, multiple packages will exist for the same application to specify certain settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transitive dependencies can grow quite large, for example the full `nginx` package will pull in several X libraries which can be quite surprising, so building from the ports tree allows you to choose only the options you need without a "kitchen sink" approach. In some cases, multiple packages will exist for the same application to specify certain settings.
```

Reviewer: I think the confusion between packages and ports can be solved by using the term `ports collection` like wikipedia does, meaning the applications ported to freebsd, and using `ports tree` meaning the tree where they can be compiled.

Author: Yes, picking some standard nomenclature is a good idea.
